# CS 232 Assignment #1: A Basic Website using Flask
For this assignment, you will extend your basic Flask knowledge by completing a basic website.  At a minimum, your assignment should provide the following functionality:

# Tips
If your pages aren't showing updates after you edit them, put
this in your __init__.py file:
```
app.jinja_env.auto_reload = True
app.config['TEMPLATES_AUTO_RELOAD'] = True
app.run(debug=True, host='0.0.0.0')
```

## <web_root>/all
This route will list all pages on your website.  To do this, you will want to list all of the files in the view folder.  (HINT: view [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3207219/how-do-i-list-all-files-of-a-directory))

## <web_root>/<page_name>
This route will render a given page
   * Stretch Idea: Save all pages into a SQLite Database

## [GET] <web_root>/edit/<page_name>
This route will display the "raw" page (HTML or Markdown) to authenticated users 

## [POST] <web_root>/edit/<page_name>
This route will accept the content generated from the _*GET*_ version of the route and save the to the corresponding page.  Note that this route should ensure that only authenticated users can edit pages

## [GET] <web_root>/login
This route displays the login page

## [POST] <web_root>/login
This route accepts the contents generated by the _*GET*_ version of this route and authenticates the account.
   * Stretch Idea: Authenticate users against a SQLite Database

I will be providing basic HTML UI pages for each view.  These will eventually appear in the same folder as this file.

# Stretch Ideas
Students are expected to propose "stretch ideas" to the basic requirements enumerated above.  These ideas should align with your programming background and skill.  I list two Stretch Ideas above, but there are many more things that can be done.  Be creative!

# Buddy Assignment
As mentioned in class, I have decided to use a buddy system in which I pair those with potentially more experience with those that might have less.  Buddies should meet at least twice during this assignment period to discuss their software.  The buddies for this assignment are:
* Jordan Abbot, Andrew Alexandrescu, GAnnon Carroll
* Robert Airth, Adam Johnston, Fernando Crespo
* Xavier Damas, Summer BAnnister, Najah Isquierdo
* Jakob Fletcher, Sam Ramirez
* Adrian Haro, Danielle Siegel, David Uribe
* Peter Boster, Grayson Beckert, Noah Levine
* Will Kennedy, Sean Fitzgerald, Stephany Yang
* Shay Konradsdottir, Anthony Perez, Justin Pilecki


## Grading
This assignment is worth 100 points.  Your grade will be based on the following:
* Completing the project *_OR_*
* Demonstrating regular progress as evident by a) consistent Github checkins and b) issue tracking and/or progress board updates
* Maintaining a [design diary](../design_diary_prompts.md) for this assignment (place in the root of your project repository)
* Completing a [buddy progress report](../buddy_report.md) for each of your buddies.  You will submit your buddy report confidentially through Canvas.

## Due Date
This assignment is due midnight, February 12, 2020.  You will turn in your project by checking your code into github, submitting a link to that repository on Canvas, and submitting your buddy reports. Next, create an GIF walkthrough of your program using [LICEcap](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/).  Upload this image to your repository and put a link to the image in your reflection. *Be sure to place your reflection in _the root folder_ of your repository!* 
